Stream fragmentation attack clarifications (#4149)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

## Stream Fragmentation and Reassembly Attacks

> An adversarial sender might intentionally omit to send portions of the stream
> data, causing the receiver to commit resources for the omitted data. This could

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An adversarial sender might intentionally omit portions of the stream data it
sends, causing the receiver to commit resources for the omitted data. This could
```

> An adversarial sender might intentionally omit to send portions of the stream
> data, causing the receiver to commit resources for the omitted data. This could
> cause a disproportionate receive buffer memory commitment and/or the creation of
> a large and inefficient data structure at the receiver.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An adversarial sender might intentionally not send portions of the stream data,
causing the receiver to commit resources for the unsent data. This could
cause a disproportionate receive buffer memory commitment and/or the creation of
a large and inefficient data structure at the receiver.
```

Reviewer: That suggestion works for me, though I think that omit is a good word fit.

An adversarial receiver might intentionally not acknowledge packets containing
stream data in an attempt to force the sender to store the unacknowledged stream
data for retransmission.

> Note that stream fragmentation is unrelated to IP fragmentation.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I agree with Jana about this bit.
